# calculator-using-python
Maths may be a challenging subject for many students. Students have to pass several high-school tests in math. it's important to pass a minimum of one high school mathematics test in their schooling so as they can graduate from that school or college. Students are only allowed to use calculators on some part or some paper/subject of their schooling exam and that they are allowed to use calculators on their some exams. the massive number of question faced by the maths teacher is the way to best use of calculator within the class-room to market learning. As my-own experience with the calculators has made me responsive to the difficulty of student. Students had to develop an amazing strength to understand the maths calculations of the subject before they're given permission to use a calculator. As a university student I had learned to depend on my own created calculator to assist me from some good challenging mathematics problems/equations. 
<p>I had also learnt the use pen and paper to solve problems when my class teacher and subject teacher told not to use calculator from now. But when we are in exam hall and we have not much time to solve the equation which are very big. this approach to use calculator and that i can still remember the knowledge and a way to do most of my maths calculations. On the opposite hand, I took an algebra course for more knowledge and the usage calculator wasn't limited there so I had also learned a way to deal with this subject through a scientific calculator. I had to show myself a way to do algebra with a pen and paper afterwards because i've got to show it to one of my friends that I have developed a calculator which may help us so far to solve many algebraic equations.</p>
